In this module we'll get started with the back end of our application will build our note J.S. express
REST API and write all the code we need to write to handle incoming requests for different routes and
much more specifically in this module we will set up this note and express app.
We learned how that works in general in the refresher module.
Now we'll do it in a real project will add the roots which we need for our project to handle different
requests with different H P methods targeting different paths will add controllers and some dummy logic
for now.
Later we'll also add database ends on but in this module we'll just get started with some dummy logic
with some in memory storage ends on and will add controllers because we will kind of use the MVC to
model view controller pattern without the view because it's a REST API but we will work with models
and controllers and we'll also make sure that any data we receive from which ever a client that is connected
is also valid data so we'll add some server side input validation to make sure that the data which is
attached to the incoming requests meets our requirements for example that the title of a new place is
not an empty text string or something like this.
This is what we'll do in this module and we will day off for now implement these API end points which
we planned earlier.
Now to be precise will not add everything we need to add for the user routes for a sign up and log in
will not implement this at the moment will add authentication in a separate module later in the course
but we will set up the general routes for data and write some dummy code in there and four places will
also not yet add a database that will happen at a later point of time but we will set up all the routes
and store some places in memory for the moment.
This is what we'll do now.
And with that I'd say let's get started.